Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You're back with us!
Manousos. can you hear us?
How are you feeling?
Do you remember what happened to you?
You gave us quite a scare.
The good news is that the infection
is responding to antibiotics.
However. you'll probably need
to stay here awhile.
You have to regain your strength.
Manousos.
We understand this is a lot to process.
But you need more time to heal.
Your body. it needs rest. it needs...
I am leaving.
What do I owe?
The bill! What do I owe?
You owe us nothing.
Not you.
The real people who were here before.
The hospital. Stitches. medicine.
Everything costs something!
Before The Joining.
your treatments from this
particular hospital would have cost…
$8.277.53 in either
Balboas or American dollars.
Balboas?
I'm in Panama?
Will you be requiring an itemized receipt?
I. Manousos Oviedo.
owe this hospital $8.277.53.
Plus one ambulance.
Oh. please don't get up.
- Sorry.
- Our pleasure.
- Thanks.
- Uh-huh.
Thank you.
Cheers.
Oh. cheers.
It's not too sweet?
I always worry I don't add enough water.
- It's perfect.
- Yeah?
'Cause I can add more if you want.
Uh. water.
The O'Keeffe looks good in here.
Oh.
I was about to return that.
Oh. we think
it looks wonderful right there.
I was…
…just. um. keeping it safe. really.
There's been a lot of animals
roaming around here.
Wolves.
Buffalo. Buffalos.
And if they were to wander
into the museums
and start rubbing up
against the paintings. it's gonna be…
Yeah.
That could be problematic.
We can secure all those buildings
if you like.
Great.
That would be great.
Don't want a buffalo eating the Mona Lisa.
I don't know what to talk about.
Who says we have to?
How about a board game?
- Seriously?
- Mm-hmm. Could be fun.
All right.
Um…
Mmm…
So. what are we feeling?
Um…
- Bananagrams?
- Ah.
No. That wouldn't be any fun.
You know all the words.
Um…
Chess. No.
Jesus. no.
Also. you're missing
a white rook. remember?
But we can get you a new one.
What else we got?
Um…
Risk. Oh. world domination.
That's hilarious.
Not sure why we even have that one.
Um…
What about the one you used to play
with your cousins?
- Ah.
- Too slow.
Are you letting me win?
Or do you just suck at this?
Keep playing and you'll find out.
I have not thought
about this game in years.
- Hmm.
- My nana had a blue deck and a red deck.
and she used to make us put 'em all back
in the right boxes before we put 'em away.
Loser has to sort.
Would you like your cousin Henry
to come visit?
You haven't seen him since Christmas 2005.
It would be exactly
like talking to you. right?
Then. nah.
He didn't wanna see me these past 41 days.
why bother now?
So why do they call it spit?
We don't know exactly.
What do you mean? You know everything.
- Right? Spit.
- Uh-huh.
We know it originated
in the UK during the '80s.
There's different theories as to
who named it. but no clear answer.
- Uh. ready?
- Mm-hmm.
Spit.
In 1986. a man named…
- Oh!
- Ha!
Wow.
It's like playing cards
with fucking Google.
Is everyone back now?
Mostly. Another hour or two should do it.
Um…
Do you…
You think you guys could maybe. um.
power wash that up?
Absolutely.
Thanks.
Well. uh. have a good night.
Carol. we can stick around if you like.
As long as you want.
What? No. No. no.
I'm sure you have things to do.
And I've got. like.
a bunch of chores. whatnot.
It just. uh. occurred to me…
…I never even thought
to ask you where you live.
There's no such thing
as ownership anymore.
No private property.
Wherever we hang our hat is our home.
Right. but…
I mean. where do you sleep at night?
We can show you.
Everybody sleeps together?
Mm-hmm.
Why?
It saves on electricity.
Natural gas.
It's more efficient to heat and cool
one big room than hundreds of small ones.
This isn't gonna turn into the orgy scene
at the end of that Matrix movie. is it?
Not unless you want it to.
We make use of spaces
like this all over the world.
- Malls. churches. convention centers.
- Oh.
Wait. this dog is not one of you. is it?
Definitely not.
Though he is a very good boy.
His name is Bear Jordan.
Hey. Hey. Bear.
Hey.
- I didn't realize you kept pets.
- We don't.
But when an animal refuses to leave its
former owner's side. we take care of them.
Bear is fond of Malcolm over there.
Would you like to stay with us tonight?
We can make you your own bed.
if you'd like.
- Oh. no. no.
- In private.
That's okay.
I'm gonna. uh. head home.
Whatever makes you happy.
We can drive you.
Or you're welcome to take our car.
I'll figure something out.
Do you mind if we lie down?
Oh. Oh… Uh. please.
We had a wonderful time with you.
We're very happy to be back.
Yeah.
Would you like us to make you breakfast?
No. no. I can manage.
I had a nice time too.
Whoa.
Hard to beat this view.
Man. I love trains.
There's just something about
the sound of a train horn. you know?
- What about it?
- Hmm?
Come on. I must've told some human being
at some point that I love train horns.
I thought you knew everything about me.
Not this.
It is…
the loneliest sound in the world.
How do you do that?
Something to do with
the body's electromagnetic field.
Our natural electric charge. so to speak.
You have one too. just unused.
So… like radio?
Sort of.
But radio transmission is like talking.
It's conscious.
Our communication is unconscious.
Homeostatic.
Like breathing.
So…
No. No.
There's still a lot
we don't really understand.
Hmm.
Why do you still need trains anyway?
Food distribution.
Carol. you okay?
Oh. yeah. I'm great.
- Sorry. Carry on.
- Oh.
Does this feel good to you too?
Absolutely.
So…
Like… how?
I mean. I know you're getting
a massage right now.
but technically it's you
giving it to yourself.
Yes.
Meanwhile. you're simultaneously
giving me a massage.
- So. I mean…
- That's true.
How does that work?
Does everyone feel
what you're feeling right now?
Is the whole world getting a massage?
No. Not exactly.
It's kind of like…
In the last ten minutes.
there's been 1.674 deaths and 965 births.
And… Oh.
J-Just as we said this. a man in Bulgaria
was accidentally impaled on an iron fence.
Oh. Jesus.
Oh. it's okay.
We don't think he
pierced anything vital.
To feel everything all at once
would be unbearable.
But we know it as it happens.
We're aware.
Like we're aware
that you just got goose bumps.
Having said all that…
…this massage feels… good.
So. that's where it came from.
That's it.
Its star. anyway.
- Kepler-22.
- Uh-huh.
And the planet. which you can't see.
is Kepler-22b.
That's our name for it.
We have no idea what they call it.
It's got a radius
roughly twice that of Earth.
and we think their planet
may be one enormous ocean.
Sometimes we close our eyes
and try to picture it.
I'm not sure I'm looking
in the right spot.
I mean. I see the…
…the Swan. I think.
Do you see a star
brighter than the others?
Uh… yes.
That's Deneb.
Then if you trace a straight line up
from the first section of wing.
you should see a tiny dot of light.
I can't tell one dot from the next.
There's a lot of light pollution
coming from the city.
Let's see what we can do about that.
Wow.
Try it now.
We could place it in the center
of the eyepiece for you.
Might make it easier for you to spot.
Oh. uh. wait a minute.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Yeah. I think I see it.
- I see it.
- Yeah?
I do.
Hmm. Yeah.
So. what are the people like
on Kepler-22b?
We'll probably never learn
the first thing about them.
They're too far away.
But we know we love them.
And we're grateful to them.
And we'll pay it forward.
however long that may take.
What does that mean?
We have to share their gift.
With whoever else might be out there.
Just to be clear. out there. "out there"?
Mm-hmm.
How exactly will you do that?
Can you do me a favor?
Hey.
Thanks. Thanks.
Our pleasure.
Does this mean what we think it means?
- What?
- You're writing again?
Writing…
Wycaro. Yeah.
Yeah.
I had an idea and just started
filling up the whiteboard.
and suddenly my marker ran dry.
So. yeah. I'm writing again.
Well. don't… don't let us keep you.
We are just so excited
to have something new to read.
And another Wycaro.
That's only if you want to
share it with us. of course.
Absolutely no pressure.
Um…
Sure.
Happy writing. Carol.
That was good.
It was close.
Whoopee.
D-Don't patronize me.
I'm telling you.
I swear to God. when I was a kid.
I used to crush this game.
We know.
Are you frickin' kidding me?
Jesus.
You told me you never played before.
Zosia's never played.
But we have the combined knowledge
of every living croquet champion.
so that's. you know.
a bit of an advantage.
Yeah. I get that with. like.
chess or whatever.
but hitting a ball is muscle memory.
You guys all share that too?
Maybe. Or maybe you just suck.
- Huh! We're doing that.
- Mmm.
Okay. Okay.
Well. just for that. um…
…I'm gonna beat all seven billion of you.
- Oh.
- Yep. So.
seven billion butts about to get kicked.
May we ask you a question?
Sure.
What was your best day writing?
No such thing.
Really?
Come on. you have other writers in there.
You should know. That's like asking. uh.
"What's the most fun you ever had
getting your teeth drilled?"
You poor. tortured artist.
By the way. it's still my turn.
Why are you asking?
This place has been closed for years.
I never thought
I would be back here.
May we join you?
Uh. please. please.
Thanks.
Would you tell us what you're feeling?
We'd be honored to share it with you.
Well. um…
It all started right here.
As you obviously know.
I used to write longhand
on yellow legal pads.
That I stole from my temp job.
I had like 20 of 'em. and I'd have to go
back and forth. scratch stuff out.
The whole time. I'm just dreaming
of saving up enough money for a laptop.
And then I'd rip the pages out.
clip them all together
with this giant metal clip.
which I also stole…
…which took both hands to pry it open…
…just enough
that I could add a single page.
It would give me huge dents in my palms.
The whole thing was a fuckin' nightmare.
Oh. and there was this waitress. um… Bri.
I loved her.
She kept my coffee topped off.
She never hassled me
about hogging the booth all day long.
Oh. my God.
Take all the time you need. hon.
This place.
This place…
was my escape.
I was devastated when it…
it… Wait. it burned down.
You rebuilt it?
From… Wait. From nothing?
From an empty lot?
We did.
God. I miss those days.
Working all night. so I could write
all morning. and then…
I mean. those were the best days.
Is everything okay?
Carol?
You left us kind of quickly today.
Is everything all right?
Yeah. peachy.
Sarcasm.
Yes.
You want a drink? You want a drink.
We'll have one if it pleases you.
"We."
"We think. We want."
Would it kill you to say "I"?
- Would it?
- Of course not.
We…
I… find it odd. semantically.
but. of course. she could…
We c…
- Um…
- Wow.
All the brains in the world.
and you can't navigate a fucking pronoun.
Is this why you're upset?
Where was that waitress living?
Bri.
On "Joining Day."
back when she was she. not you.
Where was she?
Miami.
Hmm. Working? Vacation?
Working. As a cosmetologist.
- Recently married.
- Oh.
But not anymore.
So. she had moved on with her life.
and then. what?
You dragged her back here to do
a little playacting? Waitress theater?
Carol. we're not sure we understand
what's troubling you.
Can you be more specific?
You are trying to distract me.
Knock me off course.
You rebuild my favorite diner.
you jump for joy
when I tell you I'm writing again.
but it's all an act.
It's manipulative bullshit
because you know I haven't given up.
Admit it.
Tell me you know I won't give up.
We know.
We wish you would.
But it's also true we love Wycaro.
All right. honesty.
Let's go for it. Cards on the table.
I like you.
You people. You-You… whatever.
You're…
There… There's a lot of things
that I like about you.
but this?
This is a train wreck.
This is unsustainable.
It's mental illness. It's psychosis.
You are starving. and you can't even
pick a goddamn apple off a tree?
I… How…
Someone has to put the world right.
even if it means you all leave me again.
Even if it means that I'm…
- Morning.
- Hey.
Uh. how long have you been awake?
Uh… long enough.
Do you want to read chapter one?
Don't leave me hanging.
Raban…
is a woman now.
Long overdue.
But I figured. now… …why not?
Makes sense.
So. are you going to just retcon it?
No need.
- It can happen canonically.
- How?
The Font of Truth from the second book?
N-No.
No. that wouldn't work.
- No… …yeah. you're right.
- The Shapeshifters of Gollinbray.
I was thinking of
the Caverns of...
- The Caverns of Aevalor.
- Yeah.
- But weren't those lost to time?
- Well. sure.
- But what is time to someone like Raban?
- Ah.
They just have to get their hands
on Captain Virgil's
- temporal compass and…
- Temporal compass!
- Wow.
- I thought about Lucasia
using the compass for…
…something. for the life of me
I can't remember what.
but it just…
it makes more sense for Raban.
Uh. yeah.
S… So. you like it so far?
Carol.
We…
I love it.
Joe Pass on guitar.
Ray Brown holding it down on bass.
Mickey Roker on that blazing snare.
and of course. the incomparable
Dizzy Gillespie on trumpet.
And now here's a real treat.
Miles Davis "All of You" on KHNM. 92.4 FM.
I hope you're making
enough for both of us.
You're eating too.
Mm-hmm.
You like omelets. right?
We do.
We love all breakfast food.
Sure. Sure.
But you… you.
Like lowercase "you"…
Does Zosia like omelets?
Zosia likes…
I like omelets.
Never had many chances to try them.
Hmm.
What is your favorite food?
Mango ice cream.
I love mango ice cream.
There was an old man in my neighborhood
who sold it out of a little cart.
I would watch the ships leaving
Gdańsk.
Brand new. First voyage.
I was maybe… ten years old?
And I was fascinated by these giant ships.
Who built them?
What for?
Where were they going?
And now I know.
Sometimes. the man with the cart
would hand out ice cream bars to us
when he had too many to sell.
He knew we didn't have
two coins to rub together.
It was just after
the country had opened up.
and suddenly he had new flavors.
Mint. coffee. peach.
But… …mango.
that was my favorite.
Thank you for sharing that.
Zosia?
You're going to have a visitor.
Okay.
Okay. okay. okay. okay. okay.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org